---
layout: page
title: create pallet
permalink: /create-pallet
sidebarloc: /Reference/cli/create
---

## create pallet

### Usage

`stack create pallet {pallet ...} [commit-ish=string] [name=string] [newest=boolean] [release=string] [version=string]`

### Description

Create a pallet.  You may specify either a single XML file or git URL 
	to build one pallet or a list of ISO files to build a Meta pallet.

### Arguments

* `[pallet]`

   Either a list of pallet ISO files, the name of a single pallet XML
	description file, or a git URL (which ends in .git) that points to
	the source of a pallet.

	If a list of pallet ISO files is specified, they will be merged
	together into a single pallet.  Otherwise the argument is assumed to
	be the name of the XML file generated by the top level Makefile in
	the pallet's source, OR a git repo containing a valid Makefile and
	version.mk.  Private repos can be built from if the SSH key is added
	to the ssh-agent before issuing this command.


### Parameters
* `{commit-ish=string}`
* `{name=string}`
* `{newest=boolean}`
* `{release=string}`
* `{version=string}`

   The version number of the created pallet. Default is the version of 
	stacki running on this machine.

### Examples

* `stack create pallet pallet-base.xml`

   Creates the Base pallet from the pallet-base.xml description file.

* `stack create pallet git@github.com:StackIQ/stacki-tools.git`

   Fetches and creates the Stacki-Tools pallet from a Git repository.

* `stack create pallet base*iso kernel*iso`

   Create a composite pallet from a list of pallet ISOs.


### Related
[add pallet](add-pallet)

[disable pallet](disable-pallet)

[enable pallet](enable-pallet)

[list pallet](list-pallet)

[remove pallet](remove-pallet)


